README.md, before:

# SunFounder IMU

SunFounder IMU is a python library for Raspberry Pi.

Quick Links:

- [SunFounder IMU](#sunfounder-imu)
  - [About SunFounder IMU](#about-sunfounder-imu)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Create docs](#create-docs)
  - [Debug record](#debug-record)
  - [About SunFounder](#about-sunfounder)
  - [Contact us](#contact-us)

## About SunFounder IMU

SunFounder IMU is a python library for Raspberry Pi. It provides a simple interface to access many IMU sensors.

## Installation

Install SunFounder IMU directly from GitHub repository.

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
```

Or clone the repository and install it.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
cd sunfounder-imu-python
pip install .
```

You may need to install with `--break-system-packages`

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git --break-system-packages
# Or
pip install . --break-system-packages
```

Or install it under virtual environment.
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
# Or
pip install .
```

## Usage

You will need to calibrate the sensor before using it.

```bash
python3 -m sunfounder_imu.calibrate
```

## Create docs

API reference is auto generated by Sphinx. But you need to create rst file manually.
```bash
cd docs
rm source/api
sphinx-apidoc -f -d 1 -e -M -P -T -o source/api ../sunfounder_imu
```

- `-f` Force to overwrite existing files.
- `-d 1` Set the maximum depth of the module documentation.
- `-e` put documentation for each module on its own page.
- `-M` put module documentation before submodule documentation.
- `-P` include "_private" modules.
- `-T` don't create a table of contents file.
- `-o source/api` Specify the output directory for the generated rst files.
- `../sunfounder_imu` Specify the path to the sunfounder_imu package.


## Debug record

```bash
pip uninstall --break sunfounder-imu -y && pip install --break git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
pip uninstall --break sunfounder-imu -y && pip install --break ~/sunfounder-imu-python/ --break-system-packages --no-deps --no-build-isolation
pip install ~/sunfounder-imu-python/ --break-system-packages --no-deps --no-build-isolation
python3 ~/sunfounder-imu-python/examples/read_all_data.py
```

## About SunFounder

SunFounder is a technology company focused on Raspberry Pi and Arduino open source community development. Committed to the promotion of open source culture, we strives to bring the fun of electronics making to people all around the world and enable everyone to be a maker. Our products include learning kits, development boards, robots, sensor modules and development tools. In addition to high quality products, SunFounder also offers video tutorials to help you make your own project. If you have interest in open source or making something cool, welcome to join us!

----------------------------------------------

## Contact us

website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com

Commit message:

feat: add CLI tool, new sensors and improve IMU functionality
- Add CLI tool with commands for calibration, scanning and clearing config
- Add support for QMC6309 and QMI8658B sensors
- Improve I2C scanning to detect all addresses
- Add range configuration methods for sensors
- Refactor sensor initialization and configuration
- Update README with new CLI usage instructions
- Bump version to 1.1.0A1

README.md, after:

# SunFounder IMU

SunFounder IMU is a python library for Raspberry Pi.

Quick Links:

- [SunFounder IMU](#sunfounder-imu)
  - [About SunFounder IMU](#about-sunfounder-imu)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Create docs](#create-docs)
  - [Debug record](#debug-record)
  - [About SunFounder](#about-sunfounder)
  - [Contact us](#contact-us)

## About SunFounder IMU

SunFounder IMU is a python library for Raspberry Pi. It provides a simple interface to access many IMU sensors.

## Installation

Install SunFounder IMU directly from GitHub repository.

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
```

Or clone the repository and install it.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
cd sunfounder-imu-python
pip install .
```

You may need to install with `--break-system-packages`

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git --break-system-packages
# Or
pip install . --break-system-packages
```

Or install it under virtual environment.
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
# Or
pip install .
```

## Usage

You can scan the module, and check the connection of the sensor.

```bash
sunfounder-imu scan
```

You will need to calibrate the sensor before using it.

```bash
sunfounder-imu calibrate
```

## Create docs

API reference is auto generated by Sphinx. But you need to create rst file manually.
```bash
cd docs
rm source/api
sphinx-apidoc -f -d 1 -e -M -P -T -o source/api ../sunfounder_imu
```

- `-f` Force to overwrite existing files.
- `-d 1` Set the maximum depth of the module documentation.
- `-e` put documentation for each module on its own page.
- `-M` put module documentation before submodule documentation.
- `-P` include "_private" modules.
- `-T` don't create a table of contents file.
- `-o source/api` Specify the output directory for the generated rst files.
- `../sunfounder_imu` Specify the path to the sunfounder_imu package.


## Debug record

```bash
pip uninstall --break sunfounder-imu -y && pip install --break ~/sunfounder-imu-python/ --break-system-packages --no-deps --no-build-isolation

python3 ~/sunfounder-imu-python/examples/read_all_data.py
```

## About SunFounder

SunFounder is a technology company focused on Raspberry Pi and Arduino open source community development. Committed to the promotion of open source culture, we strives to bring the fun of electronics making to people all around the world and enable everyone to be a maker. Our products include learning kits, development boards, robots, sensor modules and development tools. In addition to high quality products, SunFounder also offers video tutorials to help you make your own project. If you have interest in open source or making something cool, welcome to join us!

----------------------------------------------

## Contact us

website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com
