# SunFounder IMU

SunFounder IMU is a python library for Raspberry Pi.

Quick Links:

- [SunFounder IMU](#sunfounder-imu)
  - [About SunFounder IMU](#about-sunfounder-imu)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Create docs](#create-docs)
  - [Debug record](#debug-record)
  - [About SunFounder](#about-sunfounder)
  - [Contact us](#contact-us)

## About SunFounder IMU

SunFounder IMU is a python library for Raspberry Pi. It provides a simple interface to access many IMU sensors.

## Installation

Install SunFounder IMU

```bash
sudo pip install --break git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
```
## Create docs

API reference is auto generated by Sphinx. But you need to create rst file manually.
```bash
cd docs
rm source/api
sphinx-apidoc -f -d 1 -e -M -P -T -o source/api ../sunfounder_imu
```

- `-f` Force to overwrite existing files.
- `-d 1` Set the maximum depth of the module documentation.
- `-e` put documentation for each module on its own page.
- `-M` put module documentation before submodule documentation.
- `-P` include "_private" modules.
- `-T` don't create a table of contents file.
- `-o source/api` Specify the output directory for the generated rst files.
- `../sunfounder_imu` Specify the path to the sunfounder_imu package.


## Debug record

```bash
sudo pip uninstall --break sunfounder-imu -y && sudo pip install --break git+https://github.com/sunfounder/sunfounder-imu-python.git
sudo pip uninstall --break sunfounder-imu -y && sudo pip install --break ~/sunfounder-imu-python/ --break-system-packages --no-deps --no-build-isolation
sudo pip install ~/sunfounder-imu-python/ --break-system-packages --no-deps --no-build-isolation
sudo python3 ~/sunfounder-imu-python/examples/spl06_001_example.py
sudo python3 ~/sunfounder-imu-python/examples/sh3001_example.py
sudo python3 ~/sunfounder-imu-python/examples/full_test.py
```

## About SunFounder

SunFounder is a technology company focused on Raspberry Pi and Arduino open source community development. Committed to the promotion of open source culture, we strives to bring the fun of electronics making to people all around the world and enable everyone to be a maker. Our products include learning kits, development boards, robots, sensor modules and development tools. In addition to high quality products, SunFounder also offers video tutorials to help you make your own project. If you have interest in open source or making something cool, welcome to join us!

----------------------------------------------

## Contact us

website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com

