docs/datasheets/10 Axis IMU datasheet en.md, before:

# 10 Axis IMU Datasheet

## Introduction

Version Code: O1252V10

![10 Axis IMU Front Rendering](imgs/O1252V10-B1%20ST0341%2010-Axis%20IMU%20渲染图正面.png)
![10 Axis IMU Back Rendering](imgs/O1252V10-B1%20ST0341%2010-Axis%20IMU%20渲染图背面.png)
The 10-axis IMU module integrates a 3-axis accelerometer sensor, 3-axis gyroscope sensor, 3-axis magnetometer sensor, and barometer. The module uses I2C communication and allows modification of I2C addresses for some chips. It has an onboard LED that indicates power status.

Main chips included in the module:
- SH3001 3-axis accelerometer and 3-axis gyroscope sensor
- QMC6310 3-axis magnetometer sensor
- SPL06-001 barometer

Specifications:
- Operating Voltage: 2.5-3.6V
- Operating Current: 4mA
- 3-axis accelerometer sensor
- 3-axis gyroscope sensor
- 3-axis magnetometer sensor
- Barometer
- I2C communication
- Modifiable I2C addresses for some chips
- Onboard LED for power status indication

## Pin Definition

The board contains two I2C interfaces, both SH1.0 4P structure, compatible with qwIIC, Stemma QT, Modulino and other interfaces. The two interfaces are parallel and can be used to extend to other I2C devices.

| Pin | Function |
| --- | --- |
| SCL | I2C Clock Line |
| SDA | I2C Data Line |
| VCC | Power Input, 2.5-3.6V |
| GND | Ground |

## Address Definition

### SH3001 I2C Address

The default address of SH3001 is 0x36, which can be switched to 0x37 by modifying the connection method.

The 3P pad jumper marked 0x3 on the left side of the board is the I2C address jumper for SH3001. It is connected to the left 6 by default, which is 0x36. You can cut the connection on the left, then use soldering iron to connect to the right 7 position to switch the address to 0x37.

### QMC6310 I2C Address

The address of QMC6310 is fixed at 0x1C or 0x3C, which varies according to different chips and cannot be manually switched.

### SPL06-001 I2C Address

The default address of SPL06-001 is 0x76, which can be switched to 0x77 by modifying the connection method.

The 3P pad jumper marked 0x7 on the right side of the board is the I2C address jumper for SPL06-001. It is connected to the left 6 by default, which is 0x76. You can cut the connection on the left, then use soldering iron to connect to the right 7 position to switch the address to 0x77.

## Parameters

### Electrical Parameters

| Parameter | Min | Typical | Max | Unit |
| ------- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Operating Voltage | 2.5 | 3.3 | 3.6 | V |
| Operating Current | | 4 | | mA |
| Operating Temperature | -40 | | 85 | °C |

### Performance Characteristics

### Gyroscope Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Value | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: |
| Full Scale Range | Selectable via serial digital interface | ±125<br>±250<br>±500<br>±1000<br>±2000 | dps |
| Sensitivity | Selectable via serial digital interface | 262<br>131<br>65.5<br>32.8<br>16.4 | LSB/dps |
| Nonlinearity | Best fit straight line | ±0.2 | %FS |
| Cross-axis Sensitivity | | ±1 | % |
| Sensitivity Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±0.02 | %/°C |
| Zero Rate Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±0.05 | dps/°C |
| Zero Rate Offset | | ±5 | dps |
| Output Noise Density | | 10 | mdps/√Hz | 
| Output Data Rate | Selectable via serial digital interface | 31<br>63<br>125<br>250<br>500<br>1000<br>2000<br>4000<br>8000<br>16000<br>32000 | Hz |

### Accelerometer Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Value | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: |
| Full Scale Range | Selectable via serial digital interface | ±2<br>±4<br>±8<br>±16 | g |
| Sensitivity | Selectable via serial digital interface | 16384<br>8192<br>4096<br>2048 | LSB/g |
| Nonlinearity | Best fit straight line | ±0.5 | %FS |
| Cross-axis Sensitivity | | ±3 | % |
| Sensitivity Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±0.01 | %/°C |
| Zero-g Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±1 | mg/°C |
| Zero Offset | | ±50 | mg |
| Output Noise Density | | 220 | μg/√Hz |
| Output Data Rate | Selectable via serial digital interface | 16<br>31<br>63<br>125<br>250<br>500<br>1000<br>2000<br>4000<br>8000 | Hz |

### Magnetometer Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Value | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: |
| Full Scale Range | Selectable via serial digital interface | ±2<br>±8<br>±12<br>±30 | Gauss |
| Output Data Rate | Selectable via serial digital interface | 10<br>50<br>100<br>200 | Hz |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±30G | 1000 | LSB/G |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±12G | 2500 | LSB/G |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±8G | 3750 | LSB/G |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±2G | 15000 | LSB/G |
| Linearity | Field Range = ±30G<br>HBM Range = ±15G | 0.5 | %FS |
| Hysteresis | 3 sweeps across ±30G | 0.03 | %FS |
| Offset | | ±10 | mG |
| Sensitivity Tempco | Ta = -40°C~85°C | ±0.05 | %/°C |
| Digital Resolution | Field Range = ±30G | 1.0 | mGauss |
| Field Resolution | Standard deviation, X/Y axis | 2 | mGauss |
| Field Resolution | Standard deviation, Z axis | 3 | mGauss |
| X-Y-Z Orthogonality | Sensitivity Directions | 90±1 | Degree |

### Barometer Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Min | Typical | Max | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Relative Pressure Accuracy | 950...1050hPa<br>+25...+40°C | -6<br>-0.5 | | 6<br>0.5 | Pa<br>m |
| Absolute Pressure Accuracy | 300...1100hPa<br>0...+65°C | -1.0 | | 1.0 | hPa |
| Output Data Resolution | Pressure<br>Temperature | | 0.06<br>0.01 | | Pa<br>°C |
| Pressure Noise | Low Power Mode<br>Standard Mode<br>High Precision Mode | | 2<br>0.5<br>0.3 | 5<br>1.2<br>0.6 | PaRMS |
| Temperature Offset Coefficient | 1000hPa<br>+25...+40°C | -0.5<br>-4.2 | ±0.2<br>±1.7 | 0.5<br>4.2 | Pa/K<br>cm/K |
| Absolute Temperature Accuracy | @+25°C<br>0...+65°C | -0.5<br>-1 | | 0.5<br>1 | °C |
| Pressure/Temperature Measurement Rate | | 1 | | 128 | Hz |
| Pressure Measurement Time | Low Power Mode<br>Standard Mode<br>High Precision Mode | | 5<br>28<br>105 | 8<br>35<br>115 | ms |

## Default XYZ Axis Directions

The XYZ axis directions are printed on the PCB silkscreen. The top of the PCB is the positive X-axis direction, the left side of the PCB is the positive Y-axis direction, and the vertical upward direction perpendicular to the PCB plane is the positive Z-axis direction.

![10 Axis IMU Front Rendering](imgs/O1252V10-B1%20ST0341%2010-Axis%20IMU%20渲染图正面.png)

## Reference Wiring Diagram

![10 Axis IMU Reference Wiring Diagram](imgs/10%20Axis%20IMU%20参考应用电路.png)

## Schematic Diagrams

### Main Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Main Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics.svg)
### Accelerometer and Gyroscope Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Accelerometer and Gyroscope Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics-Accel%20Gyro.svg)
### Magnetometer Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Magnetometer Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics-Mag.svg)
### Barometer Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Barometer Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics-Barometer.svg)

## Reference

[SH3001 datasheet](SH3001.pdf)
[QMC6310 datasheet](QMC6310.pdf)
[SPL06-001 datasheet](SPL06-001.pdf)

Commit message:

docs(datasheets): update IMU datasheets with I2C pull-up info
- Add note about built-in 10K pull-up resistors on I2C bus
- Format reference links with bullet points for better readability

docs/datasheets/10 Axis IMU datasheet en.md, after:

# 10 Axis IMU Datasheet

## Introduction

Version Code: O1252V10

![10 Axis IMU Front Rendering](imgs/O1252V10-B1%20ST0341%2010-Axis%20IMU%20渲染图正面.png)
![10 Axis IMU Back Rendering](imgs/O1252V10-B1%20ST0341%2010-Axis%20IMU%20渲染图背面.png)
The 10-axis IMU module integrates a 3-axis accelerometer sensor, 3-axis gyroscope sensor, 3-axis magnetometer sensor, and barometer. The module uses I2C communication and allows modification of I2C addresses for some chips. It has an onboard LED that indicates power status.

Main chips included in the module:
- SH3001 3-axis accelerometer and 3-axis gyroscope sensor
- QMC6310 3-axis magnetometer sensor
- SPL06-001 barometer

Specifications:
- Operating Voltage: 2.5-3.6V
- Operating Current: 4mA
- 3-axis accelerometer sensor
- 3-axis gyroscope sensor
- 3-axis magnetometer sensor
- Barometer
- I2C communication
- Modifiable I2C addresses for some chips
- Onboard LED for power status indication

## Pin Definition

The board contains two I2C interfaces, both SH1.0 4P structure, compatible with qwIIC, Stemma QT, Modulino and other interfaces. The two interfaces are parallel and can be used to extend to other I2C devices.

| Pin | Function |
| --- | --- |
| SCL | I2C Clock Line |
| SDA | I2C Data Line |
| VCC | Power Input, 2.5-3.6V |
| GND | Ground |

## Address Definition

### SH3001 I2C Address

The default address of SH3001 is 0x36, which can be switched to 0x37 by modifying the connection method.

The 3P pad jumper marked 0x3 on the left side of the board is the I2C address jumper for SH3001. It is connected to the left 6 by default, which is 0x36. You can cut the connection on the left, then use soldering iron to connect to the right 7 position to switch the address to 0x37.

### QMC6310 I2C Address

The address of QMC6310 is fixed at 0x1C or 0x3C, which varies according to different chips and cannot be manually switched.

### SPL06-001 I2C Address

The default address of SPL06-001 is 0x76, which can be switched to 0x77 by modifying the connection method.

The 3P pad jumper marked 0x7 on the right side of the board is the I2C address jumper for SPL06-001. It is connected to the left 6 by default, which is 0x76. You can cut the connection on the left, then use soldering iron to connect to the right 7 position to switch the address to 0x77.

## Parameters

### Electrical Parameters

| Parameter | Min | Typical | Max | Unit |
| ------- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Operating Voltage | 2.5 | 3.3 | 3.6 | V |
| Operating Current | | 4 | | mA |
| Operating Temperature | -40 | | 85 | °C |

### Performance Characteristics

### Gyroscope Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Value | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: |
| Full Scale Range | Selectable via serial digital interface | ±125<br>±250<br>±500<br>±1000<br>±2000 | dps |
| Sensitivity | Selectable via serial digital interface | 262<br>131<br>65.5<br>32.8<br>16.4 | LSB/dps |
| Nonlinearity | Best fit straight line | ±0.2 | %FS |
| Cross-axis Sensitivity | | ±1 | % |
| Sensitivity Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±0.02 | %/°C |
| Zero Rate Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±0.05 | dps/°C |
| Zero Rate Offset | | ±5 | dps |
| Output Noise Density | | 10 | mdps/√Hz | 
| Output Data Rate | Selectable via serial digital interface | 31<br>63<br>125<br>250<br>500<br>1000<br>2000<br>4000<br>8000<br>16000<br>32000 | Hz |

### Accelerometer Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Value | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: |
| Full Scale Range | Selectable via serial digital interface | ±2<br>±4<br>±8<br>±16 | g |
| Sensitivity | Selectable via serial digital interface | 16384<br>8192<br>4096<br>2048 | LSB/g |
| Nonlinearity | Best fit straight line | ±0.5 | %FS |
| Cross-axis Sensitivity | | ±3 | % |
| Sensitivity Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±0.01 | %/°C |
| Zero-g Temperature Drift | -40°C - 85°C | ±1 | mg/°C |
| Zero Offset | | ±50 | mg |
| Output Noise Density | | 220 | μg/√Hz |
| Output Data Rate | Selectable via serial digital interface | 16<br>31<br>63<br>125<br>250<br>500<br>1000<br>2000<br>4000<br>8000 | Hz |

### Magnetometer Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Value | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: |
| Full Scale Range | Selectable via serial digital interface | ±2<br>±8<br>±12<br>±30 | Gauss |
| Output Data Rate | Selectable via serial digital interface | 10<br>50<br>100<br>200 | Hz |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±30G | 1000 | LSB/G |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±12G | 2500 | LSB/G |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±8G | 3750 | LSB/G |
| Sensitivity | Field Range = ±2G | 15000 | LSB/G |
| Linearity | Field Range = ±30G<br>HBM Range = ±15G | 0.5 | %FS |
| Hysteresis | 3 sweeps across ±30G | 0.03 | %FS |
| Offset | | ±10 | mG |
| Sensitivity Tempco | Ta = -40°C~85°C | ±0.05 | %/°C |
| Digital Resolution | Field Range = ±30G | 1.0 | mGauss |
| Field Resolution | Standard deviation, X/Y axis | 2 | mGauss |
| Field Resolution | Standard deviation, Z axis | 3 | mGauss |
| X-Y-Z Orthogonality | Sensitivity Directions | 90±1 | Degree |

### Barometer Characteristics
| Parameter | Condition | Min | Typical | Max | Unit |
| --- | --- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Relative Pressure Accuracy | 950...1050hPa<br>+25...+40°C | -6<br>-0.5 | | 6<br>0.5 | Pa<br>m |
| Absolute Pressure Accuracy | 300...1100hPa<br>0...+65°C | -1.0 | | 1.0 | hPa |
| Output Data Resolution | Pressure<br>Temperature | | 0.06<br>0.01 | | Pa<br>°C |
| Pressure Noise | Low Power Mode<br>Standard Mode<br>High Precision Mode | | 2<br>0.5<br>0.3 | 5<br>1.2<br>0.6 | PaRMS |
| Temperature Offset Coefficient | 1000hPa<br>+25...+40°C | -0.5<br>-4.2 | ±0.2<br>±1.7 | 0.5<br>4.2 | Pa/K<br>cm/K |
| Absolute Temperature Accuracy | @+25°C<br>0...+65°C | -0.5<br>-1 | | 0.5<br>1 | °C |
| Pressure/Temperature Measurement Rate | | 1 | | 128 | Hz |
| Pressure Measurement Time | Low Power Mode<br>Standard Mode<br>High Precision Mode | | 5<br>28<br>105 | 8<br>35<br>115 | ms |

## Default XYZ Axis Directions

The XYZ axis directions are printed on the PCB silkscreen. The top of the PCB is the positive X-axis direction, the left side of the PCB is the positive Y-axis direction, and the vertical upward direction perpendicular to the PCB plane is the positive Z-axis direction.

![10 Axis IMU Front Rendering](imgs/O1252V10-B1%20ST0341%2010-Axis%20IMU%20渲染图正面.png)

## Reference Wiring Diagram

The module I2C bus data line has a built-in 10K pull-up resistor, so no additional pull-up resistor is needed when connecting to the MCU.

![10 Axis IMU Reference Wiring Diagram](imgs/10%20Axis%20IMU%20参考应用电路.png)

## Schematic Diagrams

### Main Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Main Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics.svg)
### Accelerometer and Gyroscope Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Accelerometer and Gyroscope Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics-Accel%20Gyro.svg)
### Magnetometer Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Magnetometer Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics-Mag.svg)
### Barometer Schematic
![10 Axis IMU Barometer Schematic](imgs/10-axis-imu-schematics-Barometer.svg)

## Reference

- [SH3001 datasheet](SH3001.pdf)
- [QMC6310 datasheet](QMC6310.pdf)
- [SPL06-001 datasheet](SPL06-001.pdf)
